# CS210-ProjectOne-Christin-James

The purpose of this project was to print out two clocks of 12-hour and 24-hour format, that can be adjusted by adding hours, minutes, and seconds. The user is prompted to input the starting time based on the 24-hour format, which is used to output both the 12-hour format with the appropriate "AM"/"PM" following it, and the 24-hour format. From there, they are given the choice of adjustments based on a selection of one to three. I believe I did particularly well in this aspect of the program, as I produced the proper incrementation of time, for example from 11:59:00 PM changed to 12:00:00 AM after adding a minute. I had tried to find all the switches that occur within the 12-hour clock after incrementing the hour, minute, or second, and believe I made all the appropriate changes. 

Some ways the code could have been enhanced would be the way in which the user is only prompted to submit the 24-hour clock format at the start of the program. People of certain regions may not be familiar with this military style format, therefore having the option to enter the initial time in 12-hour format in addition to "AM"/"PM" would be beneficial to some. 

One of the more challenging pieces of code to write in this project was the changing of the "PM" to "AM" and vice versa. The impact of each hour, minute, and second addition had to be taken into account to figure out how the clock needed to adjust and be output to the user. I overcame this by referring to my pseudocode and notes that showed each major time shift as a result of the aforementioned additions, which made writing the code simpler. This would be one of the main skills that I obtained from this project. Having a planned flow of code makes it much easier to flow through a project, especially when writing code. For future projects, this will be a staple to maximize efficiency.

Lastly, I made this project maintainable and readable by keeping the code as simple as possible by using separate functions. This way, if any future modifications are to be made, there won't be much confusion on where to alter code. Rather one could simply delete and replace and existing function with a new one. This structuring of code also makes reading it easier.
